com/example/headermodules/fragments/Hilt_Fragment_1.java
 com.example.headermodules.fragments.Hilt_Fragment_1
com/example/headermodules/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.headermodules.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/headermodules/databinding/Fragment22Binding.java
 com.example.headermodules.databinding.Fragment22Binding
com/example/headermodules/repositories/WeatherRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.headermodules.repositories.WeatherRepository_Factory
com/example/headermodules/Hilt_MainHeaderActivity.java
 com.example.headermodules.Hilt_MainHeaderActivity
 com.example.headermodules.Hilt_MainHeaderActivity$1
com/example/headermodules/fragments/Hilt_Fragment_2.java
 com.example.headermodules.fragments.Hilt_Fragment_2
com/example/headermodules/databinding/Fragment12Binding.java
 com.example.headermodules.databinding.Fragment12Binding
com/example/headermodules/viewmodels/WeatherViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.headermodules.viewmodels.WeatherViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.headermodules.viewmodels.WeatherViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.headermodules.viewmodels.WeatherViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_headermodules_fragments_Fragment_1_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_headermodules_fragments_Fragment_1_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_headermodules_fragments_Fragment_2_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_headermodules_fragments_Fragment_2_GeneratedInjector
com/example/headermodules/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.headermodules.BuildConfig
com/example/headermodules/databinding/Fragment1Binding.java
 com.example.headermodules.databinding.Fragment1Binding
com/example/headermodules/viewmodels/WeatherViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.headermodules.viewmodels.WeatherViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.headermodules.viewmodels.WeatherViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/headermodules/databinding/ViewholderWeatherBinding.java
 com.example.headermodules.databinding.ViewholderWeatherBinding
com/example/headermodules/databinding/Fragment2Binding.java
 com.example.headermodules.databinding.Fragment2Binding
com/example/headermodules/MainHeaderActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.headermodules.MainHeaderActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/headermodules/viewmodels/WeatherViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.headermodules.viewmodels.WeatherViewModel_Factory
com/example/headermodules/databinding/BlankFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.headermodules.databinding.BlankFragmentBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_headermodules_viewmodels_WeatherViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_headermodules_viewmodels_WeatherViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_headermodules_viewmodels_WeatherViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_headermodules_viewmodels_WeatherViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_headermodules_MainHeaderActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_headermodules_MainHeaderActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/headermodules/fragments/Fragment_1_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.headermodules.fragments.Fragment_1_GeneratedInjector
com/example/headermodules/fragments/Fragment_2_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.headermodules.fragments.Fragment_2_GeneratedInjector
